“Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It’s the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.1. “Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It’s the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.” – Adam Ant
“It’s up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.2. “It’s up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”― Steve Maraboli
“Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.3. “Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” — Albus Dumbledore
“Sometimes the people around you won’t understand your journey. They don’t need to, it’s not for them.4. “Sometimes the people around you won’t understand your journey. They don’t need to, it’s not for them.” – Joubert Botha
“This feeling will pass. The fear is real but the danger is not.5. “This feeling will pass. The fear is real but the danger is not.”― Cammie McGovern
“Everybody knows there is no such thing as normal. There is no black-and-white definition of normal. Normal is subjective. There’s only a messy, inconsistent, silly, hopeful version of how we feel most at home in our lives.6. “Everybody knows there is no such thing as normal. There is no black-and-white definition of normal. Normal is subjective. There’s only a messy, inconsistent, silly, hopeful version of how we feel most at home in our lives.” ― Tori Spelling
“What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, and more unashamed conversation.7. “What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, and more unashamed conversation.” – Glenn Close
“It’s not just people who can’t find a job, or can’t fit in in society that struggle with depression sometimes.8. “It’s not just people who can’t find a job, or can’t fit in in society that struggle with depression sometimes.” — Jared Padalecki
“It doesn’t have to take over your life, it doesn’t have to define you as a person, it’s just important that you ask for help. It’s not a sign of weakness.9. “It doesn’t have to take over your life, it doesn’t have to define you as a person, it’s just important that you ask for help. It’s not a sign of weakness.” — Demi Lovato
“What does your anxiety do? It does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, but it empties today of its strength. It does not make you escape the evil; it makes you unfit to cope with it if it comes.10. “What does your anxiety do? It does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, but it empties today of its strength. It does not make you escape the evil; it makes you unfit to cope with it if it comes.” ― Raymond L. Cramer
“There isn’t anybody out there who doesn’t have a mental health issue, whether it’s depression, anxiety, or how to cope with relationships. Having OCD is not an embarrassment anymore – for me. Just know that there is help and your life could be better if you go out and seek the help.11. “There isn’t anybody out there who doesn’t have a mental health issue, whether it’s depression, anxiety, or how to cope with relationships. Having OCD is not an embarrassment anymore – for me. Just know that there is help and your life could be better if you go out and seek the help.” – Howie Mandel
“I’ve run my whole life – for more than exercise, for mental health.12. “I’ve run my whole life – for more than exercise, for mental health.” – Wendelin Van Draanen
“Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I’m not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you’ve felt that way.13. “Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I’m not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you’ve felt that way.”— Charles Bukowski
“It is not the the bruises on the body that hurt. It is the wounds of the heart and the scars on the mind.14. “It is not the the bruises on the body that hurt. It is the wounds of the heart and the scars on the mind.”― Aisha Mirza
“The only journey is the journey within.15. “The only journey is the journey within.” – Rainer Maria Rilke
“You have to quit confusing a madness with a mission.16. “You have to quit confusing a madness with a mission.” ― Flannery O’Connor
“Hope is a powerful thing. Some say it’s a different breed of magic altogether.17. “Hope is a powerful thing. Some say it’s a different breed of magic altogether.” – Stephanie Garber
“And every person can benefit from talking to somebody. I’m the most anti-medication person, but some people need medicine, and there was a time where I needed some too.18. “And every person can benefit from talking to somebody. I’m the most anti-medication person, but some people need medicine, and there was a time where I needed some too.” — Miley Cyrus
“My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it.19. “My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it.” – Emery Lord
“The acknowledgment of having suffered evil is the greatest step forward in mental health.20. “The acknowledgment of having suffered evil is the greatest step forward in mental health.” ― Stefan Molyneux
“Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health and for happiness.21. “Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health and for happiness.” –  Louise Hart
“Your illness is not your identity. Your chemistry is not your character.22. “Your illness is not your identity. Your chemistry is not your character.” — Pastor Rick Warren
“To think too much is a disease.23. “To think too much is a disease.” ― Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“If we start being honest about our pain, our anger, and our shortcomings instead of pretending they don’t exist, then maybe we’ll leave the world a better place than we found it.24. “If we start being honest about our pain, our anger, and our shortcomings instead of pretending they don’t exist, then maybe we’ll leave the world a better place than we found it.” – Russell Wilson
“Just because you don’t understand it doesn’t mean it isn’t so.25. “Just because you don’t understand it doesn’t mean it isn’t so.” –Lemony Snicket
“One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart.26. “One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart.” –Linda Poindexter
“Mental health…is not a destination, but a process. It’s about how you drive, not where you’re going.27. “Mental health…is not a destination, but a process. It’s about how you drive, not where you’re going.” – Noam Shpancer
“I didn’t talk to anyone about [postpartum depression]. I was very reluctant.. Four of my friends felt the same way I did, and everyone was too embarrassed to talk about it.28. “I didn’t talk to anyone about [postpartum depression]. I was very reluctant.. Four of my friends felt the same way I did, and everyone was too embarrassed to talk about it.” — Adele (See more postpartum depression quotes)
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.29. “Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.” – Abraham Lincoln
“It was too heavy a burden to carry and I simply couldn’t do that anymore. I sought and received treatment, I put positive people around me and I got back to doing what I love – writing songs and making music.30. “It was too heavy a burden to carry and I simply couldn’t do that anymore. I sought and received treatment, I put positive people around me and I got back to doing what I love – writing songs and making music.” – Mariah Carey
“Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it’s critical to wellbeing.31. “Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it’s critical to wellbeing.” – Diane Abbott
“Unfortunately, we force people to break the law in order to get any kind of mental health treatment.32. “Unfortunately, we force people to break the law in order to get any kind of mental health treatment.” – Pete Earley
“PTSD is a whole-body tragedy, an integral human event of enormous proportions with massive repercussions.33. “PTSD is a whole-body tragedy, an integral human event of enormous proportions with massive repercussions.” ― Susan Pease Banitt
“Don’t let your struggle become your identity.34. “Don’t let your struggle become your identity.” – Unknown
“Self-esteem is not a luxury; it is a profound spiritual need.35. “Self-esteem is not a luxury; it is a profound spiritual need.”― Nathaniel Branden
“..balancing time you spend with or without people is crucial for mental health.36. “..balancing time you spend with or without people is crucial for mental health.” ― Amy E. Spiegel
“Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.37. “Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.” – Carl Jung
“I’m actually taking medication that seems to be pretty good. It’s not making me feel too tired or sluggish or anything like that. Finding the proper balance is what is most important,38. “I’m actually taking medication that seems to be pretty good. It’s not making me feel too tired or sluggish or anything like that. Finding the proper balance is what is most important,” – Mariah Carey
“I’m struggling just to get through the days. I think a lot of people are.39. “I’m struggling just to get through the days. I think a lot of people are.” — Justin Bieber
“About a third of my cases are suffering from no clinically definable neurosis, but from the senselessness and emptiness of their lives. This can be defined as the general neurosis of our times.40. “About a third of my cases are suffering from no clinically definable neurosis, but from the senselessness and emptiness of their lives. This can be defined as the general neurosis of our times.” – C.G. Jung
“A child’s mental health is just as important as their physical health and deserves the same quality of support.41. “A child’s mental health is just as important as their physical health and deserves the same quality of support.” –  Kate Middleton
“The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.42. “The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.”― Juliette Lewis
“I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.43. “I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Amy March
“There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t.44. “There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t.”― John Green
“Your illness does not define you. Your strength and courage does.45. “Your illness does not define you. Your strength and courage does.” –Unknown
“I keep moving ahead, as always, knowing deep down inside that I am a good person and that I am worthy of a good life.46. “I keep moving ahead, as always, knowing deep down inside that I am a good person and that I am worthy of a good life.” ― Jonathan Harnisch
“Hope, hope, hope. It has to be there. Rob the person of hope, and there won’t be any recovery.47. “Hope, hope, hope. It has to be there. Rob the person of hope, and there won’t be any recovery.” – Dan Fisher
“There’s not shame in dealing with these things. There’s no shame in having to fight everyday.48. “There’s not shame in dealing with these things. There’s no shame in having to fight everyday.” — Jared Padalecki
“If you are physically sick, you can elicit the interest of a battery of physicians; but if you are mentally sick, you are lucky if the janitor comes around.49. “If you are physically sick, you can elicit the interest of a battery of physicians; but if you are mentally sick, you are lucky if the janitor comes around.” – Martin H. Fischer
“I let it get to me that day. I wasn’t in a good place. And unfortunately I was going through a rough time and I let it get to me a little bit too much. That was it,50. “I let it get to me that day. I wasn’t in a good place. And unfortunately I was going through a rough time and I let it get to me a little bit too much. That was it,”- Liam Payne
“Living with anxiety, turning up, and doing stuff with anxiety takes a strength most people will never know.51. “Living with anxiety, turning up, and doing stuff with anxiety takes a strength most people will never know.”― Matt Haig
“It can be a good thing, too, to learn to sit in your own weirdness.52. “It can be a good thing, too, to learn to sit in your own weirdness.”― Sarah Wilson
“When anxiety is in balance, it helps us to think ahead to the future, make plans, and get organized.53. “When anxiety is in balance, it helps us to think ahead to the future, make plans, and get organized.”― Jessica Moore
“Mental health is an important topic, and should be discussed more frequently. It’s not “attention seeking.54. “Mental health is an important topic, and should be discussed more frequently. It’s not “attention seeking.”― Brien Blatt
“Mental health sufferers are not crazy. They have special insight. You better recognize that setting aside your interest people to stay asleep and show empathy towards God’s imperfect creations, otherwise the world has no meaning to exist.55. “Mental health sufferers are not crazy. They have special insight. You better recognize that setting aside your interest people to stay asleep and show empathy towards God’s imperfect creations, otherwise the world has no meaning to exist.”― Maria Karvouni
“Is stress inflicted on you — or created by you?56. “Is stress inflicted on you — or created by you?”― Frank Sonnenberg
“Depression… is what your suffering actually yours?57. “Depression… is what your suffering actually yours?”― Susanna Mittermaier
“There is a point where courage becomes a symptom of mental illness.58. “There is a point where courage becomes a symptom of mental illness.”― Wayne Gerard Trotman
“Through the vehicle of our emotions, our mind, body, and spirit are sending signals that something has to shift.59. “Through the vehicle of our emotions, our mind, body, and spirit are sending signals that something has to shift.”― Randy Taran
“It’s okay to not be okay – it means that your mind is trying to heal itself.60. “It’s okay to not be okay – it means that your mind is trying to heal itself.”― Abhijit Naskar
“True suffering is being trapped in your own head.61. “True suffering is being trapped in your own head.”― Adam Snowflake
“Those who suffer from depression would know that all the things that might seem nonsensical are eventually real.62. “Those who suffer from depression would know that all the things that might seem nonsensical are eventually real.”― Dwimirnani
“The only people who have room to worry about the future are those who aren’t fighting just to survive the present.63. “The only people who have room to worry about the future are those who aren’t fighting just to survive the present.”― Kerry Kletter
“I sometimes feel like my head is a computer with too many windows open.64. “I sometimes feel like my head is a computer with too many windows open.”― Matt Haig
“The quickest way to end up feeling anger all the time is to repress it and fight against it.65. “The quickest way to end up feeling anger all the time is to repress it and fight against it.”― Jessica Moore
