These mental health quotes will remind you of just how precious it is.
By
Mental health refers to the state of our emotional, psychological, and social well-being.
It impacts the way we feel, think and act, making it important in all areas of our lives.
Mental health plays an important role in the way we deal with stress, how we relate to others, and the decisions we make in our daily lives.
Without positive mental health, it will be almost impossible to realize your full potential, work productively, make a meaningful contribution to your community, or handle the stress that comes with life.
So what can you do to ensure you have a healthy mental state?
Well, there are various ways to maintain positive mental health and live a more fulfilling and enjoyable life.
Besides seeking professional help if you need it, you should make time to connect with others, think positively about yourself and get physically active.
Also, make sure you get enough rest,  you’re mindful of your present moment, and be helpful to others.
A healthy mental state will help you leverage your Everyday Power to achieve the success you seek and live a purposeful life.
Here are some inspirational mental health quotes to remind you of that.
Don’t forget to also read our collection of helpful depression quotes, these anxiety quotes as well as these insightful 13 Reasons Why quotes for a new perspective on mental health.
1. “Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It’s the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.” – Adam Ant
2. “It’s up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”― Steve Maraboli
3. “Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” — Albus Dumbledore
4. “Sometimes the people around you won’t understand your journey. They don’t need to, it’s not for them.” – Joubert Botha
5. “This feeling will pass. The fear is real but the danger is not.”― Cammie McGovern
6. “Everybody knows there is no such thing as normal. There is no black-and-white definition of normal. Normal is subjective. There’s only a messy, inconsistent, silly, hopeful version of how we feel most at home in our lives.” ― Tori Spelling
7. “What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, and more unashamed conversation.” – Glenn Close

8. “It’s not just people who can’t find a job, or can’t fit in in society that struggle with depression sometimes.” — Jared Padalecki
9. “It doesn’t have to take over your life, it doesn’t have to define you as a person, it’s just important that you ask for help. It’s not a sign of weakness.” — Demi Lovato
10. “What does your anxiety do? It does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, but it empties today of its strength. It does not make you escape the evil; it makes you unfit to cope with it if it comes.” ― Raymond L. Cramer
11. “There isn’t anybody out there who doesn’t have a mental health issue, whether it’s depression, anxiety, or how to cope with relationships. Having OCD is not an embarrassment anymore – for me. Just know that there is help and your life could be better if you go out and seek the help.” – Howie Mandel
12. “I’ve run my whole life – for more than exercise, for mental health.” – Wendelin Van Draanen
13. “Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I’m not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you’ve felt that way.”— Charles Bukowski
14. “It is not the the bruises on the body that hurt. It is the wounds of the heart and the scars on the mind.”― Aisha Mirza
15. “The only journey is the journey within.” – Rainer Maria Rilke

16. “You have to quit confusing a madness with a mission.” ― Flannery O’Connor
17. “Hope is a powerful thing. Some say it’s a different breed of magic altogether.” – Stephanie Garber
18. “And every person can benefit from talking to somebody. I’m the most anti-medication person, but some people need medicine, and there was a time where I needed some too.” — Miley Cyrus
19. “My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it.” – Emery Lord
20. “The acknowledgment of having suffered evil is the greatest step forward in mental health.” ― Stefan Molyneux
Also read these helpful suicide quotes to inspire prevention.
21. “Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health and for happiness.” –  Louise Hart
22. “Your illness is not your identity. Your chemistry is not your character.” — Pastor Rick Warren
23. “To think too much is a disease.” ― Fyodor Dostoyevsky
24. “If we start being honest about our pain, our anger, and our shortcomings instead of pretending they don’t exist, then maybe we’ll leave the world a better place than we found it.” – Russell Wilson
25. “Just because you don’t understand it doesn’t mean it isn’t so.” –Lemony Snicket

26. “One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart.” –Linda Poindexter
27. “Mental health…is not a destination, but a process. It’s about how you drive, not where you’re going.” – Noam Shpancer
28. “I didn’t talk to anyone about [postpartum depression]. I was very reluctant.. Four of my friends felt the same way I did, and everyone was too embarrassed to talk about it.” — Adele (See more postpartum depression quotes)
29. “Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.” – Abraham Lincoln
30. “It was too heavy a burden to carry and I simply couldn’t do that anymore. I sought and received treatment, I put positive people around me and I got back to doing what I love – writing songs and making music.” – Mariah Carey
31. “Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it’s critical to wellbeing.” – Diane Abbott
32. “Unfortunately, we force people to break the law in order to get any kind of mental health treatment.” – Pete Earley
33. “PTSD is a whole-body tragedy, an integral human event of enormous proportions with massive repercussions.” ― Susan Pease Banitt
34. “Don’t let your struggle become your identity.” – Unknown

35. “Self-esteem is not a luxury; it is a profound spiritual need.”― Nathaniel Branden
36. “..balancing time you spend with or without people is crucial for mental health.” ― Amy E. Spiegel
37. “Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.” – Carl Jung
38. “I’m actually taking medication that seems to be pretty good. It’s not making me feel too tired or sluggish or anything like that. Finding the proper balance is what is most important,” – Mariah Carey
39. “I’m struggling just to get through the days. I think a lot of people are.” — Justin Bieber
40. “About a third of my cases are suffering from no clinically definable neurosis, but from the senselessness and emptiness of their lives. This can be defined as the general neurosis of our times.” – C.G. Jung
Don’t forget to also read these insightful insanity quotes that will help you stay sane in the chaos that’s life.
41. “A child’s mental health is just as important as their physical health and deserves the same quality of support.” –  Kate Middleton
42. “The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.”― Juliette Lewis
43. “I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Amy March
44. “There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t.”― John Green

45. “Your illness does not define you. Your strength and courage does.” –Unknown
46. “I keep moving ahead, as always, knowing deep down inside that I am a good person and that I am worthy of a good life.” ― Jonathan Harnisch
47. “Hope, hope, hope. It has to be there. Rob the person of hope, and there won’t be any recovery.” – Dan Fisher
48. “There’s not shame in dealing with these things. There’s no shame in having to fight everyday.” — Jared Padalecki
49. “If you are physically sick, you can elicit the interest of a battery of physicians; but if you are mentally sick, you are lucky if the janitor comes around.” – Martin H. Fischer
50. “I let it get to me that day. I wasn’t in a good place. And unfortunately I was going through a rough time and I let it get to me a little bit too much. That was it,”- Liam Payne
51. “Living with anxiety, turning up, and doing stuff with anxiety takes a strength most people will never know.”― Matt Haig
52. “It can be a good thing, too, to learn to sit in your own weirdness.”― Sarah Wilson
53. “When anxiety is in balance, it helps us to think ahead to the future, make plans, and get organized.”― Jessica Moore
54. “Mental health is an important topic, and should be discussed more frequently. It’s not “attention seeking.”― Brien Blatt
55. “Mental health sufferers are not crazy. They have special insight. You better recognize that setting aside your interest people to stay asleep and show empathy towards God’s imperfect creations, otherwise the world has no meaning to exist.”― Maria Karvouni
56. “Is stress inflicted on you — or created by you?”― Frank Sonnenberg
57. “Depression… is what your suffering actually yours?”― Susanna Mittermaier
58. “There is a point where courage becomes a symptom of mental illness.”― Wayne Gerard Trotman
59. “Through the vehicle of our emotions, our mind, body, and spirit are sending signals that something has to shift.”― Randy Taran
60. “It’s okay to not be okay – it means that your mind is trying to heal itself.”― Abhijit Naskar
61. “True suffering is being trapped in your own head.”― Adam Snowflake
62. “Those who suffer from depression would know that all the things that might seem nonsensical are eventually real.”― Dwimirnani
63. “The only people who have room to worry about the future are those who aren’t fighting just to survive the present.”― Kerry Kletter
64. “I sometimes feel like my head is a computer with too many windows open.”― Matt Haig
65. “The quickest way to end up feeling anger all the time is to repress it and fight against it.”― Jessica Moore
Mental health is vital in all stages of life. For you to realize your full potential, achieve success and live a more fulfilling life, you need to have a healthy mental state.
While taking care of your mental health might mean getting professional support, you should also consider making the right changes for you. Hopefully, these quotes have inspired you to always maintain positive mental health for success and happiness.
Did you enjoy these mental health quotes? Which of the quotes was your favorite? We would love to hear all about it in the comment section below.
 Rachel
 October 21, 2018 at 3:30 PM
Nice to know you aren’t alone
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment
Name * 
Email * 
  


40 Nipsey Hussle Quotes Celebrating His Life and Music
55 Beyonce Quotes About Lemonade, Life, and Music
115 Best Senior Year Quotes for Graduation and the Yearbook
85 Single Mom Quotes On Providing, Strength and Love
85 Water Quotes Honoring the Flow of Life
105 I’m Sorry Quotes for When You Can’t Find the Right Words
85 Awesome Quotes On Knowing Your Worth and Value
115 Mother and Son Quotes Praising Their Bond
50 Martin Luther King Jr. Quotes Celebrating Hope and Dignity
95 Positive Thinking Quotes For A New Perspective
50 Immigration Quotes Debating the Social Issue
50 Beautiful Mary Oliver Quotes to Live By
40 Nipsey Hussle Quotes Celebrating His Life and Music
55 Beyonce Quotes About Lemonade, Life, and Music
115 Best Senior Year Quotes for Graduation and the Yearbook
85 Single Mom Quotes On Providing, Strength and Love
85 Water Quotes Honoring the Flow of Life
105 I’m Sorry Quotes for When You Can’t Find the Right Words
85 Awesome Quotes On Knowing Your Worth and Value
115 Mother and Son Quotes Praising Their Bond
50 Martin Luther King Jr. Quotes Celebrating Hope and Dignity
95 Positive Thinking Quotes For A New Perspective
50 Immigration Quotes Debating the Social Issue
50 Beautiful Mary Oliver Quotes to Live By
EverydayPower.com © 2013 - 2019
